# table, tab seperated, of "fullname" values for given e-mail addresses used for target of query like this:
#    r.db('materialscommons').table('users').get("jfadams@umich.edu").update({"fullname":"Jacob Adams"})
# id	fullname
avicente@umich.edu	Vicente Araullo-Peters
agithens@umich.edu	Alan Githens
ededa@umich.edu	Erin Deda
csadorf@umich.edu	Carl Adorf
bpuchala@umich.edu	Brian Puchala
aerielm@umich.edu	Aeriel Murphy
dsambit@umich.edu	Sambit Das
jfadams@umich.edu	Jacob Adams
casansmi@umich.edu	Casandra Smith
emarq@umich.edu	Emmanuelle Marquis
daum@umich.edu	Maureen Daum
hedstrom@umich.edu	Margaret Hedstrom
jlasecki@umich.edu	John Lasecki
greght@umich.edu	Gregory Teichert
johnea@umich.edu	John Allison
mingfei@umich.edu	Mingfei Zhang
krishna@umich.edu	Krishnakumar Garikipat
gtarcea@umich.edu	Glenn Tarcea
pengwchu@umich.edu	Peng-Wei Chu
jag@umich.edu	Hosagrahar Jagadish
miaojias@umich.edu	Jiashi Miao
qianlei@umich.edu	Qian Lei
masonab@umich.edu	Mason Bennett
ribh@umich.edu	Riddhiman Bhattacharya
sriramg@umich.edu	Sriram Ganesan
stvdwtt@umich.edu	Stephen Dewitt
laagesen@umich.edu	Larry Aagesen
qiliang@umich.edu	Liang Qi
mcfada@umich.edu	Adam McFarland
wzhenlin@umich.edu	Zhenlin Wang
vikramg@umich.edu	Vikram Gavini
lilangt@umich.edu	Liang Tian
tradiasa@umich.edu	Tracy Berman
sagiyama@umich.edu	Koki Sagiyama
rudraa@umich.edu	Shiva Rudraraju
zhangwx@umich.edu	Wen Zhang
tlbarth@umich.edu	Talia Barth
virn@umich.edu	Vir Nirankari
sspanwar@umich.edu	Shardul Panwar
msurendr@umich.edu	Surendra Makineni
myersjd@umich.edu	James Myers
veeras@umich.edu	Veera Sundararaghavan
qinjiawe@umich.edu	Jiawei Qin

#people for whom match suggested multiple possible names

amcollet@umich.edu	Anna Trump
esitz@umich.edu	Ellen Sitzmann
jonesjwa@umich.edu	James Jones

# umich addresses with no match
lperrot@umich.edu

# non-umich people
cembopi@yahoo.com
stevek@illinois.edu
anirudh@engineering.ucsb.edu
blaiszik@uchicago.edu
johnallison@comcast.net
erol.cromwell@gmail.com
mchaud25@uic.edu
shiqianying@gmail.com
michael.greenwood@canada.ca
jeff.shurts@spr.com
johnct@engineering.ucsb.edu
malliakas@anl.gov
juvam@comcast.net
matthias.graf@science.doe.gov
niaz@rochester.edu
sfilipp1@mit.edu
rjaramil@mit.edu
yihui.he@northwestern.edu
